The door swings open and crashes into the wall, deepening the dent that had been forming for the past two years. He steps out of the old building and looks out to the small alley. The dim glow of the setting sun lighting up the sky in shades of blue and pink. The power lines stretch across this peaceful area, bringing the hum of life to a once small community. I’ve heard some interesting thoughts from people of the village about how this technology would “bring the end of the world”, but that just seems full of despair. 

He steps out of the house, down the front steps and out onto the gravel path. The rocks scattering forwards and away from his feet as he walks down the alley. He has a messenger bag slung over his shoulders, the thin strap digging into his clavicle, a bone that hadn't seen much trouble, however, the rest of his body had seen better days. In his years at high school, he got into constant fights with his classmates, and they weren’t gentle either, mind you, they were full-on brawls often ending with some sort of suspension, and one or more broken bones. But it had been nearly five years since he had walked across the stage, and it had been four years since his last fight.

If you were to see him the first thing you would notice would be his eyes. They were a brilliant blue-green mixture, and if you looked into them for long enough you could hear them speak. They could talk for hours, but you wouldn't want to hear what they had to say. They would find the qualities that hated the most about yourself and taunt you with them. The more you looked into them, the more they could see about you. The pupils of those eyes were deeper than a canyon, they pulled in so much light that even your vision starts to bend towards them. These eyes had seen a lot but they were going to see much more soon.

As he reaches the end of the alley he turns to the right, now walking on a proper road. one side of the sidewalk is covered in pink and blue hydrangeas that have wrapped themselves around a chain-link fence. Hydrangeas stretch down the side of the road for miles, only stopping when the road goes through a mountain underpass. On the other side, there is a road, it isn't very busy, but the deep indentations from the tires of many year's worth of a lively industry tell a different story. With each passing car, the grooves add another tally-mark to their list, an ever-expanding never-ending list. he stops walking and begins to climb the fence, his muscles moving in quick and well-practiced movements. as he reaches the top he stops and looks out to the landscape around him. He looks out and sees a once-thriving city on one side, and a dense forest next to river on the other. *What a brilliant contrast* He thinks to himself. He jumps off of the fence and moves swiftly down the incline just beyond the fence. Walking beside the water until he reaches a small patch of grass that had been pushed down. He sits down and crosses his legs and closes his eyes.

As he sits there all of the memories from his past all drift away, and the only things he focuses on are the sounds of the birds singing as they fly through the air, and the gentle rustle of the trees, and the thunderous roar of the river. He had started when he first moved out here, as a way to try and control his anger problems, but it has since become much more than just a way to control it, has become a safe haven for whenever he feels too overwhelmed. 

In his heightened state of awareness, he could hear the sound of someone’s shoes walking across the sand. the footsteps were a dull heavy thud, meaning it was likely a man, and there was only one person who matched that description who was going to be nearby that night, and that was Kyle.

"Hiya Roch," Kyle said loudly  
Roch's eyes shot open "Kyle!" he exclaimed "so good to see you decide to join me tonight"  
"well it was either this or spend another night stuck in my home, and I’ve had enough of that lately"  
"say less, my man!"  

Kyle extended his hand down to Roch and pulled him off of his patch of grass with very little effort. Kyle was not only strong but built like a Dorito, with broad shoulders tapering down into a moderately sized waist. The thing that would set him apart from all of the other dude-bros though is his smile, it knew how to cheer you up on a sad day, and it knew how to make your day go from good to great. Aside from his other hobbies of working out and working out, Kyle loved to read and write poetry, it was his favourite thing to do in the world. Like someone addicted to caffeine, he would begin his morning by reading one piece of poetry, the creating one of his own. They were never really that good, but Kyle wasn’t exactly the sharpest tool in the shed.

The two walk side-by-side, step-in-step, back up over the fence, and down onto the sidewalk, and back into the town. however, on their journey, something was amiss, for whatever reason Roch was checking behind him every few minutes and making turns seemingly at random. however, they finally reached their destination. it was a small apartment, it was painted a dull grey that, in the fading light looked almost red. on each of the three floors there was a small window, and beneath each window, and on either side of the door was an Ofuda each with a name of a different ***Kami*** inscribed.

Kyle looked at Roch   
"I don’t know if I like the look of this, Roch."  
"Just follow me, it will all be ok".  

Roch walks up to the polished wooden door and knocks, very forcefully, three times, then steps back. A few seconds pass and the door opens about halfway and a small round, balding man pokes his head out and asks to talk to Roch, the two exchange a few words, then gestures for Roch and Kyle to follow him and three of them walk inside. The inside of the apartment was almost pitch black, with the only light coming from a few candles dispersed about the room. There were several other people in the room but there was so little light that it was impossible to make out any defining features on any of them. Roch walks to the centre of the room where a circular mirror had been placed on the ground, he slings the messenger bag off of his shoulder and onto the ground. He then unbuckled the top of the bag and started to take things out of the bag. Before long he had pulled nearly 20 candles from this bag. These candles along with the other 80 that had been brought by the others made up the basis of the game. one of the shadowy figures steps forward towards the candles that have been arranged in a circle around the mirror. They light a match and reached down and lit the first candle, then they lit the next, and all the way around the circle, until all of the candles had been lit.

The group of people all moved to their respective location around the circular mirror. They all sat down in unison, and prepared themselves for the horror that the night would hold. It's silent for a few seconds then a man speaks. His voice is deep and raspy like he had smoked one too many packs of cigarettes in his youth. He told a story about the spirit of a young girl who had died in a year of famine that he had met one night when a small comb had fallen from the beams. After he had finished his story, he reached out and, with his bare hands, extinguished one of the candles. Then next voice to speak was a young feminine one, if Roch had to guess what she looked like he would have put money on her being beautiful. She told the famous story of *Okiku*, a woman, much like the on who was telling the story, who went insane after trying to test her lovers admiration of her. After her story concluded she too reached out and extinguished a candle. This pattern of telling a story, then extinguishing a candle went on for quite some time. By the time it was Roch's turn to tell a story, nearly 40 of the candles had been extinguished.

Because of his inability to make friends in his formative years, Roch had always had a hard time talking in front of a group of people, but this time was different. not only did no one here know who he is or what he was, but they didn't even have a name to put to his face if they did see him. Roch cleared his throat and began to speak. he told a story about a mother who visited a candy shop every night, just as the shop keeper was about to go to sleep, and bought some rice candy. the woman continued to buy candy from the shopkeeper for some time. however after a while he discovered that the money she had been paying him had mysteriously transformed into tangerine leaves. so the shop keeper asked a friend of his who was a painter to watch his shop that night and to follow the woman once she left his shop. However the next morning, while the shopkeeper had seen the woman again sold her candy again, when he talked to his friend, he was told that the shop had been quit all night. Then in accordance with everyone before him, Roch reached forward and extinguished a candle.

At last it was down to the final candle, and it was Kyle's turn. Much as one would come to expect from Kyle if you knew him for a long time, as Roch did, he spoke in the form of a narrative poem. He told a story about a family of wandering monks who had been killed on a religious pilgrimage by a group of vengeful wolf spirits. it was a tragic story, a tear formed in the corner of Roch eye. the story struck a cord with him, it made him remember his past, and how he had to move around his home province nearly every year. When Kyle had finished telling his story the reached down to the candle. There was a sharp inhale of breath from everyone in the circle, they were preparing themselves for what was supposed to happen in the next few seconds. Kyle pinched the candle. it was silent for a while, as everyone let out a sigh.

Roch and Kyle stand and turn to go. As Roch reaches for the door, he turns around and says to the cluster of people "I hope we can do this again sometime, maybe something interesting will happen then". He shakes his head as the two of them walk out the door. The outside world was bathed in an orange twilight that lit up the tops of the buildings in an eerie glow. They set off from the small apartment, back the way they came. It was a quiet walk, almost all of the people who lived in this town were asleep.

"So that was lame huh?"  
"yeah, it sure was" Roch responded dully "maybe next time you come by something more fun will happen".
Kyle mumbled a 'yeah' then took a huge yawn

They had arrived at the fence, it was strange seeing two figures cloaked in shadow climbing a fence, it looked very out of place. as they reached the bottom of hill on the other side of the fence. They looked at each other, then walked away from each other. Kyle walked to the east, towards the rising sun, and his home, and Roch turned to the left, and walked beside the river for a while. As he walked, Roch though pensively about the motion of the river. He thought about how our lives all flow like the tides of the river, and that sometimes there are changes beyond our control. In the distance Roch spots a old looking bridge, as he approached he started to get a better look at it. It was old, probably close to fifty years old. Like any smart person would, he walks towards the bridge. It was strange that a bridge was here, Roch had walked past this area many times and had never noticed this bridge before. Carefully, he put his weight onto the bridge. It groaned with each step that he took, but despite the complaints from the bridge Roch kept walking. He was on the other side of the river now, the side wit the forest. Roch looked back at the other side of the river, and then to the sky. it was almost light out now, so Roch decided to go for a little walk in the forest.

Before he had gone more that 50 meters into the forest he saw a path, not a wide one mind you, but a path nonetheless. As he walked he looked up at the canopy of leaves and wondered if there was anything living up there. as he walked the area around him got lighter and lighter, to the point where he could make out distinct features of objects in font of him. As he rounds a bend in the path he sees two stone monoliths standing on the side of the path. they're old to the point of cracking, and covered in moss, from the sight alone Roch could easily tell that something was wrong. Almost immediately Roch is hit with a powerful wave of hunger that pushes him to his knees. As he is clutching his stomach he looks out at the monoliths and sees two hooded figures, walk towards him. They both had long flowing robes that covered every surface of their bodies, and cat their faces in shadow. They just stood there, watching as Roch writhed on the ground in hunger.

Kyle had always had this ability to sense when his friends were in danger, it came about from his days of hanging out with Roch, where he would always leave him alone for just a few minutes, and by the time he had gotten back Roch would already be in combat with some random person. Now was one of those times where he felt that uncomfortable pull in his stomach that told him Roch was in trouble. So he turned around and sprinted as fast as he could back in the direction that Roch had traveled originally, following the footsteps left by his companion. As he was running he kept repeating the phrase *what would Roch do?* to try and get in the headspace of who he was following. Before long he could see the bridge, and he knew without thinking that Roch had gone across it. He followed the footsteps up until the edge of the forest where he cursed under his breath, then ran into the trees.

Roch could hear Kyle's footsteps coming, but hardly had the strength to move. Roch tried to hiss out a few words, but it was barely above a whisper. The gnawing feeling in his stomach grew louder with every passing second. Kyle rounded the corner where Roch had collapsed, he ran up to Roch

"what's going on?!" Kyle shouted, panicking
Roch looked up and responded quietly "Food"
"I.. I don't have any" Kyle responded shakily
"Rice... hand.. show.. to them" Roch said then fainted.

Kyle franticly pulled a pen out of his pocket a wrote the character for rice on his hand. As per the weak instructions given by Roch he raised his hand to the hooded figures. They looked at the character, looked at each other, then back at Kyle and Roch. In a flurry of movement the two figures vanished, their robes whipping in the light of twilight. Kyle looked down at Roch who had returned back to normal, and was seemingly unaffected, by the events that had just transpired. 

"You ok?"  asked Kyle.  
"yeah, I feel pretty good actually" Roch responded "I feel like I could run a mile."  
"Great, Now lets get you back home".  will this sign?
